README.md, before:

Opticks_GSoC2014
================

LiDAR segmentation Plug-In based on RANSAC and PCA algorithms for Opticks

This is the repository for Opticks GSoC 2014: LiDAR segmentation Plug-In based on RANSAC and PCA algorithms.

For more information about this project: http://opticks.org/confluence/display/~roberta.ravanelli/GSoC+2014:+LiDAR+segmentation+Plug-In+based+on+RANSAC+and+PCA+algorithms+for+Opticks

The program now saves the png files of the point cloud tiles inside the directory "Tiles" that must be inside the Results directory (C:\Users\Roberta\Desktop\Results\Tiles).

OPTICKS CODE DIR environment variable must be set: it is the path to the location where the Opticks SDK is installed.

All the Plug-In classes depend on the Eigen library, that it is not included in the Opticks dependencies: instructions on how to use it inside Visual Studio can be found at following link (http://eigen.tuxfamily.org/index.php?title=Visual_Studio).

Since the Plug-In uses the OpenCV highgui methods, the default OpenCV property sheets (SDK HOME/application/CompileSettings) must be changed (both the debug and release version), adding the opencv_highgui220.lib to the additional dependencies (line 11).

In addition, the cxcore.h header filele (needed for the conversion from/to OpenCV - Eigen matrices) must be copied in the OpenCV2 core folder (SDK_HOME/Dependencies/64/include/opencv2/core).

Then, to run the Plug-In (Opticks 4.12 Nightly Build 20140410 was used), the open_cv_highgui220.dll and open_cv_highgui220d.dll must be copied from the SDK dependencies folder (SDK_HOME/Dependencies/64/bin) to the Opticks installation bin folder (C:/Program Files/Opticks/4.12Nightly20140410.18697/Bin).

=============== Test point cloud ========

You can find a test point cloud at the link below:

https://www.dropbox.com/s/iewrzirro79o0hn/GSoC2014_test_point_cloud.las

Commit message:

added the.aeb installation file

README.md, after:

Opticks_GSoC2014
================

LiDAR segmentation Plug-In based on RANSAC and PCA algorithms for Opticks

This is the repository for Opticks GSoC 2014: LiDAR segmentation Plug-In based on RANSAC and PCA algorithms.

The Plug-In implements a RANSAC-based technique for extracting roof planes of buildings from LiDAR point clouds.

Additional information about the project is available at the following link: http://opticks.org/confluence/display/~roberta.ravanelli/GSoC+2014%3A+LiDAR+segmentation+Plug-In+based+on+RANSAC+and+PCA+algorithms+for+Opticks

Documentation for the Pug-In can be found at: http://opticks.org/confluence/display/~roberta.ravanelli/Final+report%3A+from+08-15-2014+to+08-18-2014

================ Compiling instructions ====================================================

Inside the LiDAR folder, there is the Visual Studio project file (LiDAR.vcxproj). To compile it, the user can add it to the Opticks SDK solution (the version 20140410 of the Opticks SDK was used), but first some steps are needed.

OPTICKS_CODE_DIR environment variable must be set: it is the path to the location where the Opticks SDK is installed.

All the Plug-In classes depend on the Eigen library, that it is not included in the Opticks dependencies: instructions on how to use it inside Visual Studio can be found at following link (http://eigen.tuxfamily.org/index.php?title=Visual_Studio ).

Since the Plug-In uses the OpenCV highgui methods, the default OpenCV property sheets (SDK_HOME/application/CompileSettings) must be changed (both the debug and release version), adding the opencv_highgui220.lib to the additional dependencies (line 11).

In addition, the cxcore.h header file (needed for the conversion from/to OpenCV - Eigen matrices) must be copied in the OpenCV2 core folder (SDK_HOME/Dependencies/64/include/opencv2/core).

Then, to run the Plug-In (Opticks 4.12 Nightly Build 20140410 was used), the open_cv_highgui220.dll and open_cv_highgui220d.dll must be copied from the SDK dependencies folder (SDK_HOME/Dependencies/64/bin) to the Opticks installation bin folder (C:/Program Files/Opticks/4.12Nightly20140410.18697/Bin).

=============== Test point cloud ===========================================================

A test point cloud is available at the link below:

https://www.dropbox.com/s/iewrzirro79o0hn/GSoC2014_test_point_cloud.las

=============== Contacts ===================================================================

Roberta Ravanelli: roberta.ravanelli@uniroma1.it
